{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.16299}{\*\mmathPr\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \keepn\nowidctlpar\sb480\sa360\b\f0\fs52 Sample Test Questions from Chapter 2\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi720\li720\sa120\b0\fs26 Read each question carefully and select the answer or answers that represent the best solution to the problem. You can find the answers at the end of this section.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1800\sb120\sa120 1. \tab You want to declare an integer variable called \f1 myVar\f0  and assign it the value \f1 0\f0 . How can you accomplish this?\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2520\sb120\sa120 a.\tab\f1 declare myVar as 0;\f0\par
\cf1 b.\cf0\tab\f1 myVar = 0;\f0\par
c.\tab\f1 int myVar = 0\f0\par
\cf2 d.\cf0\tab\f1 int myVar = 0;\f0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1800\sb120\sa120 2\tab You need to make a logical comparison where two values must return true in order for your code to execute the correct statement. Which logical operator enables you to achieve this?\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2520\sb120\sa120 a.\tab\f1 AND\f0\par
b.\tab\f1 |\f0\par
c.\tab\f1 &\f0\par
\cf2 d.\cf0\tab\f1 &&\f0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1800\sb120\sa120 3.\tab What kind of result is returned in the condition portion of an \f1 if\f0  statement?\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2520\sb120\sa120\cf2 a.\cf0\tab Boolean\par
b.\tab Integer\par
c.\tab Double\par
d.\tab String\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1800\sb120\sa120 4.\tab What are the keywords supported in an \f1 if\f0  statement?\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2520\sb120\sa120\cf2 a.\cf0\tab\f1 if\f0 , \f1 else\f0 , \f1 else-if\f0 , \f1 return\f0\par
b.\tab\f1 if\f0 , \f1 else\f0 , \f1 else if\f0\par
c.\tab\f1 if\f0 , \f1 else\f0 , \f1 else if\f0 , \f1 break\f0\par
d.\tab\f1 if\f0 , \f1 else\f0 , \f1 default\f0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1800\sb120\sa120\page 5.\tab In the following code sample, will the second if structure be evaluated?\par

\pard\widctlpar\li720\f1\fs18                     bool condition = true;\par
\par
                    if(condition)\par
                       if(5 < 10)\par
                           Console.WriteLine("5 is less than 10);\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2520\sb120\sa120\cf2\fs26 a. \cf0 Yes\par
b. No\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1800\sb120\sa120 6.\tab If you want to iterate over the values in an array of integers called arrNumbers to perform an action on them, which loop statement enables you to do this?\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2520\sb120\sa120\cf2 a.\cf0\tab foreach (int number in arrNumbers)\par
\{\par
\}\par
b.\tab for each (int number in arrNumbers)\par
\{\par
\}\par
c.\tab for (int i; each i in arrNumbers; i++)\par
\{\par
\}\par
d.\tab foreach (number in arrNumbers)\par
\{\par
\}\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1800\sb120\sa120 7.\tab What is the purpose of break; in a switch statement?\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2520\sb120\sa120 a.\tab It causes the program to exit.\par
\cf2 b.\cf0\tab It causes the code to exit the switch statement.\par
c.\tab It causes the program to pause.\par
d.\tab It causes the code to stop executing until the user presses a key on the keyboard.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1800\sb120\sa120 8.\tab What are the four basic repetition structures in C#?\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2520\sb120\sa120 a.\tab for, foreach, loop, while\par
b.\tab loop, while, do-for, for-each\par
\cf2 c.\cf0\tab for, foreach, while, do-while\par
d.\tab do-each, while, for, do\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1800\sb120\sa120\page 9.\tab How many times will this loop execute?\par

\pard\widctlpar\li720\fs18                 int value = 0;\par
                do\par
                \{\par
                   Console.WriteLine (value); \par
                \} while value > 10;\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2520\sb120\sa120\fs26 a.\tab 10 times\par
b.\tab 1 time\par
\cf2 c.\cf0\tab 0 times\par
d.\tab 9 times\par

\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \keepn\nowidctlpar\sb480\sa360\b\f0\fs52 Additional Sample Test Questions for Chapter 2\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi720\li720\sa120\b0\fs26 The following questions are similar to the types of questions you will find on Exam 70-483. Read each question carefully and select the answer or answers that represent the best solution to the problem. You can find the answers at the end of this document.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1800\sb120\sa120\tab 1.\tab Which of the following is NOT a comparison operator?\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2520\sb120\sa120 a.\tab\f1 !=\f0\par
\cf2 b\cf0\tab\f1 =\f0\par
c.\tab\f1 >\f0\par
d.\tab\f1 <\f0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1800\sb120\sa120\page 2.\tab Which of the following is the correct syntax for executing the following statements in an \f1 if\f0  statement?\par

\pard\widctlpar\li720\f1\fs18 Console.WriteLine("In an if statement");\par
Console.WriteLine();\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2520\sb120\sa120\fs26 a.\par

\pard\widctlpar\li720\fs18    bool condition = true;\par
    if(condition)\par
         Console.WriteLine("In an if statement");\par
         Console.WriteLine();\par
    Console.WriteLine("Outside the if statement");\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2520\sb120\sa120\cf2\fs26 b.\cf0\par

\pard\widctlpar\li720\fs18    bool condition = true;\par
    if(condition)\par
    \{\par
         Console.WriteLine("In an if statement");\par
         Console.WriteLine();\par
    \}\par
    Console.WriteLine("Outside the if statement");\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2520\sb120\sa120\fs26 c. \par

\pard\widctlpar\li720\fs18    bool condition = true;\par
    if(condition)\par
    \{\par
         Console.WriteLine("In an if statement");\par
         Console.WriteLine();\par
    Console.WriteLine("Outside the if statement");\par
    \}\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2520\sb120\sa120\fs26 d. \par

\pard\widctlpar\li720\fs18    bool condition = true;\par
    if(condition)\par
    \{\par
         Console.WriteLine("In an if statement");\par
    \}\par
         Console.WriteLine();\par
    Console.WriteLine("Outside the if statement");\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1800\sb120\sa120\fs26 3.\tab Which of the following looping structures must end with a semicolon?\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2520\sb120\sa120\cf2 a.\cf0\tab for\par
b.\tab foreach\par
c.\tab do-while\par
d.\tab while\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1800\sb120\sa120 4.\tab How do you handle multiple switch statements with one condition in a switch structure?\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2520\sb120\sa120 a.\tab Remove the colon after the condition.\par
b.\tab Enclose all the code statements you want executed together in curly braces.\par
c.\tab Create separate switch statements.\par
\cf2 d.\cf0\tab Omit the break; statement.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1800\sb120\sa120 5.\tab In a for statement, when does the incrementing of the counter take place?\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2520\sb120\sa120 a.\tab On the last iteration only\par
\cf2 b.\cf0\tab At the end of each iteration\par
c.\tab On the second and subsequent iterations only\par
d.\tab At the end of the iteration and after the comparison\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1800\sb120\sa120 6.\tab When can you assign a value to a variable?\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2520\sb120\sa120 a.\tab During creation only\par
\cf2 b.\cf0\tab Only runtime in code\par
c.\tab During declaration\par
d.\tab Only at design time when writing the code\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1800\sb120\sa120 7.\tab How can you tell when a statement has ended in C#?\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2520\sb120\sa120 a.\tab Using the end of line character\par
b.\tab Using the carriage return character\par
c.\tab Using the colon\par
\cf2 d.\cf0\tab Using the semicolon\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1800\sb120\sa120 8.\tab What is a declaration statement used for in C#?\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2520\sb120\sa120 a.\tab To declare a variable name\par
\cf2 b.\cf0\tab To declare a variable name and data type\par
c.\tab To declare the beginning of program execution\par
d.\tab To declare the beginning of a function\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1800\sb120\sa120 9.\tab Which of these is not a valid C# statement?\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2520\sb120\sa120 a.\tab ;\par
b.\tab int myVar;\par
\cf2 c.\cf0\tab string string;\par
d.\tab Console.WriteLine("Hello world");\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1800\sb120\sa120 10.\tab What is one common characteristic of complex statements?\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2520\sb120\sa120 a.\tab They contain only complex statements.\par
\cf2 b.\cf0\tab They enclose statements on curly braces.\par
c.\tab They enclose statements in parentheses.\par
d.\tab They use tabs and other white space to tell the compiler where statements start and end.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1800\sb120\sa120\page 11.In a complex if, else if structure, what keyword can be used to denote the final condition?\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2520\sb120\sa120 a.\tab end if\par
b.\tab endif\par
c.\tab default\par
\cf2 d.\cf0\tab else\par
}
 